 of misnomers when it comes to mental health, like language is important and the words that we associate with some of the things that people experience are perhaps not in the best interest of healing and welfare. Can you talk a little bit about that? Like the idea of just talking about disease in general with respect to mental health? So of the 337 million prescriptions written for antidepressants, virtually no one was talked to about their diet, about their sleep habits, about if they turn on the news first thing in the morning. I love the idea of getting my patients excited about making their brains better, rather than you have borderline personality disorder and you're probably not going to get better but here are the things to do. Or you're bipolar, you're going to need to take this medication for the rest of your life. I'm in Justin Bieber's docu-series seasons and he came to me diagnosed with bipolar disorder on lithium. I scanned him. That's not what he had. But can you imagine being 23 and people saying you have a mental illness, you're always going to have this mental illness. You need to be on this medicine for the rest of your life. That's insane. With no biological data or one of my favorite stories is Adriana who just dearly loves. Normal 16 year old, beautiful, goes to you semity. They think it's a magic moment when they're surrounded by six deer. Ten days later she becomes aggressive. She starts to hallucinate. She's paranoid. She's hospitalized. She's been a diagnosis of schizophrenia. After three hospitalizations, multiple medications, the family spent $100,000. Adriana is a shell. She comes to our clinic. She's one of our doctors. Her brain's on fire. Why is her brain on fire? We see inflammation. Turned out, she had Lyme disease on an antibiotic within a year. She's normal. She graduated from Pepperdine. She's got a master's degree from the University of London. She's normal. I think infectious disease, and talk about COVID because it's part of it, is a major cause of psychiatric problems.