 if you eat crappy food. You know, I'm going back to these 11 major risk factors, but it's three things, brain envy. So when I started 1991, I scanned everybody I knew. I'm like, so excited. And I scanned my mom. She was 60. She had a beautiful brain, which really reflected her life. She has seven children, 54 grandchildren, and great grandchildren. She knows everybody. Still, 92. She knows everybody's name. She knows what's going on in their lives. And she's just someone that she brings people to her. I scanned myself a week later, and it wasn't nearly as good as my 60-year-old mother. And that just irritated me. But I played football in high school. I had met in Gytus twice as a young soldier, bad for the brain. And I had bad habits. I never drank and I never smoked. But I wasn't sleeping. I thought I was special, like I could get by on four hours of sleeping. I'm not special. I'm stupid because sleep is critical. I was overweight. I didn't care. I'm a double-board certified psychiatrist, top neuroscience student in medical school. And I don't care about my own brain. I saw it and I cared. I have envy. I want my mom's brain. And so I always say Freud was wrong. Pima Senbi's not the cause. Anybody's problem. You need brain envy. You need to love your brain. And that's where brain health starts. It's like, oh, I have this organ that creates me. Let me love it. And then avoid things that hurt it. Just got to know the list and do things that help it. And again, you just have to know the list. And if we do the bright minds, it says, what to avoid and what to do. Yeah, those 11 sort of principles that are built into that acronym. Yeah, they're everywhere in my head, like B, for example, is for blood flow. Low blood flows, the number one brain imaging predictor of Alzheimer's disease. So if you have it in your family and I scan you, we're going to look. I mean, SPACT is a study that looks at blood flow and might accundral activity. 49% of the tracer is taken up in the mitochondria. So we're going to look at blood flow and energy.