 or a little packet of light that we can measure. So we combine technician with HMPO, medicine that's easily taken up by cells in the brain, combine them, inject them into your arm, and it's called a first pass extraction. So 70% of it is taken up in your brain in that first pass, so with it about two minutes. And then so, it's our part of the procedure, little tiny needle into a vein in your arm, inject the medicine, it lights up your brain, and then we can measure it. Have you lay on a camera table? It's not claustrophobic, it's not like an MRI. People lay on the camera, the camera heads come around your head in about 15 minutes, and we get about 10 million counts, or 10 million times that little piece of light hits the crystals in the camera. And then we reconstruct it and it looks like a brain, and we then concede in your brain, which areas are most active, which areas are healthy, which areas are sleepy, compare it to our massive database. And my eight-year-old grandson can look at a scan and go healthy or not, and it's so helpful to look. And off camera, we talked about controversy. So I start looking at the brain, I'm like a little kid. So excited. And we never make a diagnosis from a scan. So that's really important. We make a diagnosis like all doctors, with all of the information, take detailed history. If you came to CS, you'd fill out about an hour's worth of paperwork, talk to our historian for a couple of hours. I mean, we really get to know you, and then we would test your brain, we do a computerized neuropsych assessment, and we would scan your brain. And when you put that puzzle together, it's so powerful. The first patient I ever scanned. So I went from the lecture on brain-spec damaging, given by the head of the hospital where I worked, into Sandy's room. And I didn't matter. It just mattered. She tried to kill herself the night before. And as I was talking to her, I'm thinking, she has adult APD. Impulsive suicide attempt after a fight with her husband, the Chicoz IQ of 104.