 in the brain, all of that excitement and then unlimited money with very poor supervision in a brain that doesn't finish developing until 25. I mean, just see sort of... Yeah, it's a recipe for... Disaster. Disfunction. And one of my other sort of patients I dearly love, Miley Cyrus. God, the Grammy this year for a song of the year, makes me emotional because the song's really about love. And loving yourself. But who's a shit show for a long time? She's been on a journey. How did she? She's been on a journey. I'm just so proud of her because she's in charge of her life, rather than fames in charge or drugs are in charge or other people are in charge. I mean, I work really hard with my patients for them to become good CEOs of their life, but you have to take care of the executive center in your life, which is your prefrontal cortex, largest in humans and any other animal by far. If you damage it with head trauma, drugs, alcohol, bad food, not sleeping, social media, it's not a good prescription. What are some of the top line most important lifestyle protocols or interventions that you recommend when your patients come through? And you see something lighting up or not lighting up in these scans and realize that there's work that can be done to course correct. So it depends on your brain. I mean, you know, there are things everybody should do. Like love your brain. And I horrified myself, I don't know, it was about 10 years ago when I went, brain health is three things. Brain envy, got to care about it. Nobody cares about their brain. Why? Because you can't see it. You can see the wrinkles in your skin or the fat around your belly and you can do something when you're unhappy with it. I also think we're just not taught to care for it. It's not something that we think about. We know we should eat better and all the like and we know we can learn things with our brain. But there isn't a broad sense that we can improve our brain health through certain lifestyle choices that we're making. Immediately your brain's worse if you're drinking alcohol or if you're smoking pot. Immediately your brain's worse if you don't prioritize sleep.