 44 but never finished college when I go tell me how you studied she said well I really never did unless it was the night before the test I put on a pot of coffee say up all night do the test Chenate your old son that had ADD so in my mind. I'm feeling pretty confident about this But when I broached the subject with her. She's like oh adults can't have ADD And I'm thinking I'm the doctor she was resistant. I said well, why don't we look at your brain? And I had been doing a study called quantitative EEG up to that point So I knew I needed to do it twice once it rest once while she did a concentration task and then after I got the results a couple of days later I'm in her Hospital room. She has a table. I put the scans on the table She had a healthy brain at rest and when she tried to concentrate her frontal lobes and Her cerebellum which we'll talk about dropped. I was so clear. What does that tell you? The harder she tries the worse it gets a classic is what I was predicting I would see because that's what I saw in quantitative EEG and When I showed her the scans and explained them to her she starts to cry and She said you mean this is not my fault And I'm like, you know people have ADD and sort of like people who need glasses They're not dumb crazy or stupid, you know people wear glasses. I wear glasses to drive We're not dumb crazy or stupid our eyeballs are shaped funny and we wear glasses so we can focus People have ADD are dumb crazy or stupid their frontal lobes and cerebellum often turn off when they should turn on So medicine or supplements or other strategies will talk about so you can focus I could see with the image that her shame melted away and Her compliance went up and she took the medicine Relationships were better. She ended up she was under employed as many ADD people are finished college got a better job and I wasn't touched with her for about 10 years. So this was sort of an inciting incident That allowed you to see the benefits of using this as a diagnostic tool this imaging technology. Yes. Yeah I like it when my patients get better. So I went into psychiatry and it was totally