 man of good character before that and then he got fired because he couldn't stop swearing. And he didn't show up and he had these crazy ideas and was a stage coach driver and that moved where all these people move which is California. Every athlete I know is going to tell you that having the right gear is key to performance. If what you're wearing is poorly crafted it's just going to put distance between you and those goals you've set. You owe it to yourself to invest in the best and the best is on. I'm obsessed with the Cloud Ultra, great on the trails and I just got the new Next Gen Cloud Stratus 3 for the road I'm loving those. But on also has this incredible line of lightweight high performance apparel that it's just beyond anything I've previously done. It's like this second and none second skin. I love to rock the sweat wicking Ultra T and the Ultra Shorts which have this pocket right at the base of the spine that perfectly anchors your phone. No jiggle. I'm just so proud to partner with On and I love their vision for the future where their gear is engineered for circularity. So check out their amazing lineup of super comfortable sleek and durable pieces for yourself at on.com. In the case of somebody who suffered a CTE some kind of brain injury or in the case of someone like Justin Bieber who's being diagnosed with bipolar disorder I mean not for nothing like how about just the fact that he's so young and so famous and so wealthy like how do you not have some kind of dysfunction being so young with a young brain trying to navigate that type of world. But I guess they almost killed that boy. He was pretty out of control for a while and he seems to be great now. That's all I know. I don't know him personally. And if you read his mom's book I mean it's public knowledge. He grew up with a lot of uncertainty and trauma and anxiety. Her parents didn't want her to have Justin and chended up going in the salvation army home from wet mothers. There's a lot. So there's some childhood trauma stuff there. Childhood trauma. And then you think early fame which is one of the worst things for brain because you wear out your pleasure centers.