 So if you think about it, he's Columbine or Sandy Hawk or Parkland Florida waiting to happen. And I'm like, I want to see him tomorrow. And they lived eight hours for me. So they brought him to me. I'm like, buddy, what's going on? And he's like, Uncle Danny, I'm just mad all the time. Like is anybody hurting you? Is anybody teasing you? No. Is anybody touching you in places that shouldn't be touching you? No. And 99 child's chiatrists out of a thousand would put him on medicine and therapy. And because of my experience, I already scanned a thousand people at that point. I'm like, he's got a left temporal lobe problem. And so I'm like, I held his hand while he held his teddy bear and God scanned. And he was missing the function of his left temporal lobe. I'd never seen it. I've seen it a hundred times since then. Turned out he had a cysts the size of a golf ball occupied the space of his left temporal lobe. And I told his pediatrician, I said, you find somebody to take it out because he wasn't in my neighborhood. And he talked to three neurologists. All of them said they wouldn't touch the cyst until he had real symptoms. At which point I lost my mind and I start screaming at the pediatrician of a homicidal, suicidal child who attacks people. For no reason, what do you mean real symptoms? And he got anxious and he said, I think they mean like seizures or he loses consciousness. I'm like serious. And in my head, I'm like neurologist, neurologist, neurosurgeons, neurosurgeons will do stuff. So I called UCLA, talked to the head of the pediatric neurosurgery department, Jorge Lazarus. And he said, Dr. Raymond, when these cysts are symptomatic, we drain them. He's obviously symptomatic. And after the surgery, I got two calls. One from my sister-in-law who said the surgery went really well and when Andrew woke up, he smiled at her. She said, Danny, he's not smiled for a year. And then I called from Dr. Lazarus who said, oh my god, Dr. Raymond, that cyst was so aggressive that put so much pressure on Andrew's brain that thinned the bone over his left temporal lobe. So his skull had been thinned. He said, if he would have been head-and-head with the basketball, it would have killed him instantly. Either way, it would have been dead in six months. That's an amazing story. What's so interesting is