 And nobody knows about it because people aren't looking at the brain. And so you ask me, you know, what are sort of the big lessons I've learned? Myel traumatic brain injuries, a major cause of psychiatric illness. And nobody knows it because they don't look. One of my friends was mountain biking and had an accident. He fell, broke his helmet, didn't lose consciousness, never had an anxiety disorder panic attack depression. Never in his whole life. He's in his 50s. All of a sudden he's having panic attacks. Dr. Putnaman, pro-Zachin-Zanix, very common combination. And for the wrong brain, it's big trouble. He became suicidal. He saw me on TV and I came to see him. He had a dent in the left front side of his brain. It's left frontal lobe, his left temporal lobe. I'm like, do you have a brain injury? No. Are you sure? What I found is you got to ask people multiple times to ever have a brain injury. When I see it on the scan, I'll generally find it. It's ever fall out of a tree off a fence diving to a shallow pool. Car accident, caution plane sports. He's like, oh my god, two weeks before I had my first panic attack, a mountain biking accident. And I broke the helmet. I didn't think anything of it because I didn't lose consciousness. Consciousness is a brain stem phenomenon. So you can really do damage to your brain and not lose consciousness because you don't damage your brain stem. Yeah. Yeah, Phineas Gage, the famous case in neurosurgical history was a railroad construction worker in 1848. And his job was in explosions. He'd explode out the rocks so they could lay the railroad trucks. And one day there was an accident that happened to his three foot tamping iron. He was tamping down the fuse and sand and gunpowder. And he dropped the rod, caused a spark that an explosion. It went through a missile underneath his left cheekbone, took out the left front side of his brain, landed 30 yards away. And he looked to his friend and said, did you see that? And then he looked to another friend. Did you see that? He didn't lose consciousness. Obviously, damaged his brain, changed his personality. He was conscientious.