 head early in dementia. And you want to love those seahorses, nourish them, feed them, teach them, rather than get them drunk or stoned or shriveled them. Your main protocol in evaluating people's brains is this imaging technology called specter, right? So can you describe what that is? So can I tell the pre-story just to put it in context? So when I was 18 Vietnam was still going on and the government had it draft. And I became an infantry medic where my love of medicine was born. But about a year into it, I didn't like being shot at. It just not for me. It's for some people, it's not for me. So I got retrained as an x-ray technician and developed a passion for medical imaging. As our professors used to say, how do you know unless you look? And then 1979, I'm a second year medical student, I just get married and two months later, my wife tried to kill herself, horrified. And I take her to see a wonderful psychiatrist and I come to realize if he helps her, it won't just help her. It'll help me. It'll help our children, our grandchildren, as they would be shaped by someone who's happier and more stable. So 45 years ago, I fell in love with psychiatry and I've loved it every day since. But I fell in love with the only medical especially that never looks at the organ it treats. And I knew it was wrong and I knew it would change. I just had no idea it'd be part of it. 1991, I'm now a psychiatrist for about a decade. And I went to a lecture at my local hospital on brain-spec imaging, single photon emission computed tomography. It's a nuclear medicine study that looks at blood flow and activity. It looks at how your brain works. And it basically shows us three things. Healthy activity to little activity or too much. How is it doing that? What is the process by which that's revealing itself? So again, it's a nuclear medicine study. So what we do is we take a radio-pharmaceuticals, you take a radioisotope, we take one we use is called technician. And technician has self-esteem problems. It doesn't like being who it is. And it changes shape. And when it changes shape, it produces a photon.